[smooth hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] Previously. on
" Raising Kanan"...
[Raq] I never wanted to bring
you into this Kanan.
You was in this shit
before you was even in it.
I need two units.
one on top of the other.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[Jukebox] So Famous gets
free studio time.
and your niece gets nothing.
You think I wouldn't get you
studio time if I could?
- Yo. do y'all hear this?
- [hip-hop music playing]
Yo. they playing my shit. yo!
[Burke] What is with you
and that kid?
[Howard] The children
are our future. Burke.
[Marvin] That's who you got?
Toni your big CI?
[Toni]
You're a fucking pig. Marvin!
Fucking pig!
[Raq] Our shit
was never real. Symphony.
This thing between you and me...
We were
on some make-believe shit.
[Marvin] White girl got
what she deserves.
World better for her
not being in it no more.
♪ ♪
[screams]
[gasping]
All this money and work
I got on these streets.
and niggas think
I'm gonna shoot a cop?
Fucking Raq.
[Jessica] She's gonna die
or go to prison.
and you're gonna be
right there with her.
You got the label.
so just bounce
on this drug shit.
Shut the fuck up
and drive. Jess.
[Howard]
I'm done waiting. Raquel.
So I'm getting a warrant
for Kanan.
I need to talk to my son.
and you gonna make
that happen.
[Raq] I need you to squeeze
that fucking trigger tonight
and save me. baby.
[EMT] He's coding!
[Raq] I know you don't want
to hear from me.
but I wouldn't reach out if
I had anywhere else to turn.
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler. baby ♪
- ♪ I'm a hustler. baby ♪
- [50 Cent] ♪ Yeah.
[50 Cent] ♪ I know
Heartbreaks. setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make. make. make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. South side ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em. yeah ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check. boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy. you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it. they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah. cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck. hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man Or the dope man ♪
*POWER BOOK III RAISING KANAN*
♪ I'm almost for sure. man I got to take it ♪
Season 02   Episode 01
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
Episode Title: " The More Things Change"
Aired on: August 14. 2022.
[Grown Kanan] Nobody from the
hood never took no vacation.
No nigga I ever knew
had a damn summer home...
...'cause there ain't
no time off from this shit.
Ain't no breaks.
ain't no sick days.
Not for me or nobody who come
from where I come from.
[dramatic music plays]
Don't matter
whether you on a corner
or on a fucking beach.
No matter where
the fuck you go...
there the fuck you are.
♪ ♪
[Raq] Deborah told me
you were out here.
♪ ♪
I'm just taking
a last look is all.
[breathes deeply]
I remember spending the summer
on this same beach
with your grandmother
and uncles back in the day.
Even had my own little
summertime boyfriend...
Rodney Dunn.
Ooh. that boy was fine.
[chuckles]
Turned out Rodney had. like.
seven other girls
he was talking to.
Of course. all of us thought
we was the only one.
Can't trust none of you boys.
[seagulls crying]
It's time to go. baby.
♪ ♪
I'm so damn happy to see you.
[nurse] Detective Howard.
Please. Detective Howard.
I really need you to sit here
so I can prepare you
to be discharged.
I came to this hospital
three months ago
with a ring on my finger.
and I ain't leaving without it.
I'm sure
someone from your family
collected it for you.
I ain't got no family.
[bag rustling]
I ain't leaving
until I find my ring.
[Dr. Nicolas]
All I can tell you
is that Detective Howard's
memory loss is surprising
but not altogether unexpected.
The human brain
is a fascinating.
mysterious machine.
It will repress trauma.
bury unpleasant memories
to protect itself.
So you believe him when he says
he doesn't remember anything
from the night he was shot?
[Dr. Nicolas] Why wouldn't I?
Look. I-I think you're missing
the real story here.
The memory loss
is a triviality.
Your partner
is a medical marvel.
Yeah. I know. I know.
If he hadn't been shot.
we wouldn't have found that cop
from the Four-Four
who donated that bone marrow.
[Dr. Nicolas]
Detective Howard came in here
with a hole in his chest
and cancer in his blood.
He leaves here in remission
with both of his lungs intact.
That's about as close
to a miracle
as we touch in this building.
♪ ♪
[person] All right.
[applause. indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[video game beeping]
[video game announcer]
Player one wins.
[Eric] Oh. yeah. check that.
Let's go.
Come on. you see that.
[children chuckle]
You think you'll come back
next summer. Kanan?
[Eric] Now. why would he want
to come back here?
This slow-ass town...
He live in New York City.
Actually.
it's not that bad here.
New York ain't all that.
Man. fuck that.
As soon as I raise up
out of here. I'm gone.
- Where you gonna go. Eric?
- Wherever I want.
[Pat] Mama ain't gonna
just let you do that.
[Eric] Ain't gonna be
Mama decision
[Pat] Everything her decision.
[Kanan] Exactly.
If it was my decision...
I'd probably stay here
with y'all
and win at that shit.
[Pat chuckles] See? Kanan
has said it's better here.
and he live in New York.
[Raq] When I was out
on the beach with Kanan.
I was reminiscing
on Rodney Dunn.
Remember him?
Ain't a girl our age
from here to North Carolina
- don't remember Rodney.
- Mm.
Last I heard. he was a manager
at some health club in Missouri
or Mississippi or something.
Yeah. well. he always did love
lifting them weights.
Mm. boy's six-pack
had a six-pack.
Look. like I said on the phone.
I could enroll Kanan
in high school here. Raquel.
He could live with us.
You know. the boys love
having him around.
And like I told you before.
Kanan stays with me. okay?
He go where I go.
I'm just saying that
when you sent him down here.
you said there was
some wildness
you wanted
to get him away from.
- Is it safe for him back there?
- Look. things quiet now.
Just some summertime bullshit...
Too many knuckleheads
out in the street.
You know how it is.
You know. your mom talked
about moving you all down here
before Marvin
went to high school.
But then that thing happened
with your mom and dad and...
There he is.
I want you to know that
you can come back down here
anytime you want. okay. baby?
Same goes for Jukebox.
And tell her I said so.
- And tell her we miss her.
- I will.
We loved
having you here. Kanan.
I loved being here.
♪ ♪
[Jessica]
It's like I keep saying...
Famous needs beats
to fuck with. Lou.
He can't just come up
with rhymes out the air.
Well. Phife does.
same with Q.
and Guru do the same shit.
Emcees write whether they got
to beat or not. Jess.
It's called being an artist.
being a creative.
[Jessica] I'm so tired
of fighting with you
- about this shit.
- Then stop fighting.
It's my job to push
for my brother's career.
Then take a day off.
I mean. you're Famous' manager
all the time.
When are you
just gonna be my girl?
I can be both.
It's a singles-driven
business. right?
You don't get two bites
at the apple.
Fame's track was all right.
It didn't move.
No. you didn't market it right.
The market spoke.
It said. "Fuck Fame."
Now all the little nigga do
is get high.
when he should be trying
to put in that work.
It's because he thinks
that you don't care
about him
or his career anymore.
I don't! I don't give a fuck.
You don't care?
If you don't care about his
career. why the fuck should I?
It's what you said. right?
It's your job to give a fuck
about his career. not mine.
So maybe you should take care
of his ass.
Sure as hell
ain't taking care of me.
- [car door opens]
- Where you going. Lou?
- You know what?
- [engine turning over]
You wonder why we always fight.
No. I don't.
[tires squealing]
Motherfucker.
[engine revving]
[hip-hop music playing
from car stereo]
[singer] ♪ I know that
You can't get enough of me ♪
♪ I'm turning heads
Like I'm 'posed to be ♪
♪ Sexy all over my body ♪
♪ Who better than me? Nobody ♪
[singing along] ♪ I know that
You can't get enough of me ♪
♪ I'm turning heads
Like I'm 'posed to be ♪
♪ Sexy all over my body ♪
♪ Who better than me? Nobody ♪
Hey. yo!
♪ Let them say
What they gonna say ♪
- ♪ Never close enough ♪
- [horn honks]
- ♪ To really know about me ♪
- Yo!
♪ I'm shy
'Cause I'm here to stay ♪
♪ I got my... ♪
[engine revving]
[tires screeching]
[person] Hey!
Yo. what the fuck?
Stay away from me.
[Lou-Lou] Hey. relax.
Hey. hey. hey. relax.
I got mace.
Look. it ain't even like that. sweetheart.
Who's on the song?
That's why
you almost fucking killed me?
Me. I'm singing
For real?
I mean. that's my shit.
You singing on my beats.
So sue me.
I'd rather sign you.
Look. My name is Lou Thomas.
Relax.
You ever heard
of Bulletproof Records before?
[sighs]
Don't fucking do that shit!
You got a really dope voice.
Can I go?
I look forward
to hearing from you.
Have a good day.
[car door opens. closes]
[engine revving]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[Jukebox sniffles]
[Grown Kanan]
You ever shoot somebody?
You ever shoot somebody
and miss?
'Cause I did.
And I can't lie.
Looking that nigga in the eye
and squeezing that trigger
had me shook.
And when it comes
to that shit...
you stay shook
until you do it enough times
that you ain't shook no more.
And once that happens.
you done turned into
something else altogether.
He getting' out the hospital.
The cop.
He don't remember nothing
from that night. Kanan.
Amnesia or some shit.
brain all twisted up.
I got people in the hospital
who say he barely remember
his own name. so you good.
I wouldn't be bringing
you home otherwise.
Look. if he did remember anything.
the police would be looking
for you. but they not.
He ain't got to remember.
What if he see me
around the way
and it knocks something
loose in his head
and then he remember. Ma?
The ship's already sailed.
It's too late.
Ain't nobody gonna believe
anything that come
out his mouth now?
It's been way too long.
♪ ♪
I'll never let anything
happen to you.
I got you.
♪ ♪
You know I got you.
[siren wailing.
indistinct chatter]
[Barnes] Hey. brother.
That. uh. girlfriend of yours
skipped town and...
Yo. Toni wasn't
my girlfriend. man.
Call her whatever you want.
[chuckles]
Snitch-ass white bitch.
that's what I'll call her.
Point is
that without her testimony.
they have no case.
You got no idea
where she posted up?
They're offering 100 hours
of community service
or court-mandated class
on substance abuse diversion
or anger management.
You just said
they ain't got no case.
How it go from no case
to pick up fucking trash
in Times Square?
They still have you on
the simple possessions charge.
Reefer. they got me
on motherfucking reefer.
Shouldn't even be
a fucking crime.
And yet it is.
Look. if you take
one of the classes.
I could probably work it
so that all you have to do
is sign in each session
and then you could leave.
Put me down for the anger
management bullshit. then.
'cause them niggas gonna see
what angry look like.
We'll see if they can
manage that shit.
♪ ♪
[car engine idling. stops.
doors open]
[dogs barking]
♪ ♪
[keys jingling]
[Howard sighs] Can't wait to go
through three months of bills
and bullshit.
You got to get some light
in here.
♪ ♪
I was gonna go get
something to eat.
You want to join me?
Uh. I appreciate the offer.
I got to clean up
all this shit...
start trying to figure out
my new life.
"New life"?
That sounds ambitious.
I thought I was dead. Burke.
No joke.
♪ ♪
For a minute there
in that hospital.
I-I felt myself leave my body.
Turns out I wasn't dead
at all. though.
I was being reborn.
given a second shot
at all this shit.
And I'ma do it right this time.
I'ma be the best version
of me that I can be.
♪ ♪
Unique's whereabouts
are accounted for
the night of the shooting.
He wasn't there
in the park with you.
I never said he was.
All the evidence
pointed at him.
I don't even remember
what happened that night.
so you're talking
to the wrong guy.
Howard. whoever shot you
is still out there.
and Homicide doesn't have
any suspects at all right now.
I'm concerned about that.
You should be. too.
I'm only concerned
with the shit I can control.
Look. when you stare death
in the face like I did.
you start getting
real philosophical about shit.
Like the song says.
"I think very deeply."
I'm gonna go.
Hey...
I appreciate you picking me up.
[Burke] I'll call you later.
see how you're doing.
All right. I'll be here.
♪ ♪
[door opens. closes]
[person] Yo. kick the beat.
[sirens wailing]
[hip-hop music plays]
[officer] Turn around.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[person] What the fuck?
Worrell still don't get it.
Them corners is dead.
♪ ♪
We the only game
in town now. Kanan.
It's just us.
and we got shit on lock.
The beautiful thing is.
five-O can't see us
when we up
in the buildings like this.
but we can see them
from miles away.
♪ ♪
When we going home?
Your uncle's gonna be
crazy happy to see you. baby.
♪ ♪
[singer]
♪ I can't wait to see... ♪
I'm hungry.
I'ma get you something
right after this.
- [Kanan sighs]
- [chatter stops]
- [person] Hey.
- [person 2] What's up?
[Raq sighs contentedly]
[dramatic music plays]
[buzzer sounds]
♪ ♪
Why did nobody else get on?
Got to ask them.
[elevator bell dings]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] You know.
my moms had the spot humming
like a motherfucker.
She'd taken over
the whole damn floor.
took care of the niggas
who lived in the building
to keep they mouth shut...
paid off the housing cops
and the supers
to stay out our way.
and was connecting
the whole building with drops
that went all the way down
to the basement.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
And the whole thing was off
the street and out of sight.
So. as far as five-O
was concerned.
this shit didn't even exist.
Moms done changed
the fucking game.
♪ ♪
[Raq] Kanan.
[Marvin] Something I use.
Yo. look who back
from the beach.
[chuckles]
What. you a-a surfing-ass nigga
now or what?
[Kanan] What?
Ain't no Black folk
surfing on the beach.
[Marvin] Well. let me be
the first nigga
to ride them waves. then.
You know what I mean?
Damn Jackie Robinson
of the Pacific
catching all 'em hos
in bikinis.
It's the Atlantic.
Uncle Marvin.
[Marvin] Yo. can you picture me
out there. sis?
Out there on... on my surfboard
showing 'em how us
Queens niggas do.
You don't even know
how to swim.
Yo. why I got to learn how
to swim when I got a surfboard?
[Raq] Shut up. Marvin.
[light laughter]
[gate buzzing]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[door buzzes]
Open up five.
♪ ♪
Couldn't believe
my fucking ears
when I heard you might
be getting released soon.
'Cause I ain't done
nothing. man.
Maybe you didn't shoot
that cop.
but you and I both know you
guilty of all sorts of shit.
I mean. everybody guilty
of something. C.O.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music plays]
[rapper] ♪ We got to wake up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ It's time to wake up ♪
♪ Back in the day.
I would stay up all night ♪
♪ Praying my life
Would turn out right ♪
♪ Seeing my brothers
And sisters struggling ♪
♪ I knew I had to join
The fight ♪
♪ So I laced up my kicks
And hit the block ♪
♪ 'Cause I got a plan
To change the locks ♪
♪ Locks on the brains
Breaking these chains ♪
♪ Societal gains
Know what I'm saying? ♪
♪ It's time to wake up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Know what I'm saying?
It's time to wake up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ It's time to wake up ♪
♪ I want to buy a house
For my mom and my pops ♪
♪ Make a lot of money
By investing in stocks ♪
♪ Live like kings and queens
Like we supposed to ♪
♪ You're royalty. don't forget
That he chose you ♪
♪ So I laced up my kicks
And hit the block ♪
♪ 'Cause I got a plan
To change the locks ♪
♪ Locks on the brains
Breaking these chains ♪
♪ Societal gains
Know what I'm saying? ♪
♪ It's time to wake up ♪
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music plays]
[Marvin]
Yo. things are going smoothly.
On track today
to do that god power.
Business is up.
barely keeping up with demand.
[Grown Kanan] I told you
about this shit before.
They talking in code.
That's supreme mathematics.
God power is 7-5.
My uncle's saying they doing
75.000 in sales
for the day up in here.
That's some real shit
right there.
[Scrappy] Some of the neighbors
downstairs is starting to beef.
saying too many people
in the halls.
that the stairs stink of piss.
and we too loud up here.
It's the fucking projects. man.
Stairs been stinking of piss
since they put these shits up.
[Raq] Right. from here on out.
we gonna mop these stairs
twice a day
and get some air freshener
up in there
and spread around
some more money to the tenants.
Make sure they got
their groceries taken care of.
If any of these old heads
need their medications
or their prescriptions filled.
you know.
get one of our guys to make
that shit happen for them.
Marvin gonna be calling
the shots over here.
Since Kanan home. I'm gonna...
Sorry I'm late.
[Raq] Late once. you're sorry.
Late twice. you're sloppy.
You late all the time like you.
you just don't give a fuck.
[person chuckles]
[Raq]
What I was saying is that now
that we got this spot
on autopilot a little bit.
I'm looking to build. expand.
And that means that we got to
keep our shit clean and quiet.
Got to pay attention
to the little shit.
Ain't no problem
that's too small not to notice.
Like. on the way over here.
I saw Worrell
up the block slinging.
catching that heat
I'm talking about.
And that shit ain't good
for business.
especially when it's
that close to us here.
Look. we need a clean
perimeter around our shit.
We can't have five-O
sniffing around the vicinity.
I'll take Worrell out.
I owe that motherfucker.
- Easy work.
- The best kind of work.
[Raq] Mm. dropping bodies
is exactly
what I don't want to do.
And I got other thoughts
for Worrell.
Bring his ass in
for a conversation.
And. Scrap...
I need you to ease up
on throwing them dice.
I don't want you fucking with
your mom's card game no more.
Leave all that shit alone.
Look. we all
on the low-profile tip.
[Grown Kanan] See. Scrap
had that gambling bug.
Got passed down
from his parents.
His dad was a bookie.
and his moms had a card game
in her basement
every Wednesday night.
Wasn't shit
Scrap wouldn't bet on.
46. 47. 47 1/2...
Come on. ain't no such thing
as half a fry. motherfucker.
[Grown Kanan] One time.
he took $500 off Marvin
over how many fries
are in a large order.
48.
[Grown Kanan]
The over/under was 50.
50...
51.
[Grown Kanan]
Scrap took the over.
Pay up. nigga.
Oh. he got you there.
He got you. That's...
[laughing]
Look. the most successful motherfuckers
are the motherfuckers
you ain't even hear about.
That's what we're doing.
Heads down. guns on safety.
- Are we good?
- [Raq] Long as you show up
where and when you supposed to
and handle your business.
yeah. we good.
I'ma go say what's up
to my nephew over there.
Your younger brother's
steady slipping.
[Jukebox] ♪ Mm. mm ♪
♪ Mm. mm ♪
♪ Mm. mm-mm ♪
♪ Hmm. mm ♪
♪ Mm. mm. mm ♪
♪ Hmm. mm. mm ♪
I heard you was looking
for a backup singer.
[chuckles] I don't know. man.
I don't think I'd let you
sing me to sleep
with that wack-ass voice
of yours.
Wow. I just got back.
and you are already
being mean. man.
I should've stayed my ass
in Virginia for this.
- That's really crazy.
- [Jukebox] Yo. come here. man.
What's up?
So...
how was it?
It was cool.
You know. good to be gone.
Clear my head.
see what else is out there.
Realize sometimes
it feel like...
shit. that this
is all there is.
I'm not sure it's enough.
I don't know. I'm...
I'm not sure
if this shit is for me. man.
You know what I mean?
Word.
- Yo. Aunt Deb...
- Oh.
Man. Pat. Eric. everybody.
they all was asking about you.
wondering
why you didn't come down.
I told them it's 'cause
you had some shit up here
you was trying to figure out.
so you good.
It just didn't feel going down
to the beach after all that.
Truth is...
it's not like staying here
made nothing better neither.
I missed the hell out you. kid.
Of course you did.
You didn't have nobody
to listen
to your whiny-ass bullshit.
Nigga. I just got ba...
I don't miss you.
I didn't miss you. then.
Whatever. fine. cool.
- I'm just here. Look.
- No. man...
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[door opens]
[bag clatters]
♪ ♪
[sweeping music playing.
indistinct chatter on TV]
♪ ♪
Yo. these niggas is carrying
buckets of water.
arms all out and shit
and not spilling a damn drop.
Yo. that shit'll turn you
into a straight warrior.
You could use some time
in that Shaolin Temple. Lou.
Toughen your bitch ass up.
Why I need to do all that
when I already got you
to carry my water
for me. Marvin?
[Kanan laughs]
- Yo. fuck you. Lou.
- [Kanan scoffs]
- [laughter]
- Oh. that shit funny. huh?
- [laughs mockingly]
- He got you there. I was...
[Marvin]
You know what else is funny?
You getting stung by some
jellyfish down in Virginia.
Oh. man.
Yeah. crying like a little
bitch for a day and a half.
Your aunt Deborah
called up here.
told your moms all about it.
Fuckin' fish
had your eyes leaking.
That's a bad look
for the family.
When you out there.
you reppin' all of us.
You remember that.
Wasn't nobody crying. man.
It hurt. all right?
It did. but the doctor said
getting stung by a jellyfish
is like getting stung
by. like. 50 hornets.
50 hornets ain't shit. nigga.
Toughen the fuck up.
[Kanan] You been stung
by a hornet?
All right. then.
How you doin' Juke?
I'm all right.
Smells good.
[soft music plays]
Haven't seen you
in damn near three months.
Mm. saw you at Grandma's for
that cookout three weeks back.
[Marvin] Right.
Oh. you... you sure right
about that.
I was thinking maybe. um.
we could talk sometime.
You know. just sit down
and catch up and shit.
I ain't got nothing
to say to you.
♪ ♪
- [Marvin] But I feel like...
- Dinner's ready. y'all.
[sighs]
[dramatic music plays]
My baby's home where he belong.
with his mama.
♪ ♪
I need you to know
that we wasn't having none
of these dinners
while you was gone. Kanan.
because if your seat's empty.
we not sittin' around
the table like this.
'cause this right here
is what it's all about...
♪ ♪
...family...
...us.
I know we got our differences.
♪ ♪
And we disagree sometimes.
But at the end of the day.
we blood.
And that's way more important
than any static
that's between us.
♪ ♪
Family...
that's all that matters.
Word.
Family.
♪ ♪
[Famous] I don't get it.
I mean. you supposed
to be my manager. right?
Supposed to be makin' moves
for me. makin' my shit blow up.
[Jessica] I'm doing
all I can. Fame.
I got your mix tape out.
I got you played
on Stretch and Bobbi to.
I can't make people
buy your shit.
What about gettin' me
back in the studio?
What about you
laying off the weed
and writing something?
Ever since you started
smoking that shit.
you've been sitting on your ass
instead of writing rhymes.
You told me that
you were gonna talk to Lou
about getting me beats
to write to.
He says he wants you
to write first.
and then he'll get you
the beats. okay?
He says he wants you
to be an artist.
a creator. like Phife.
Yo. fuck this.
I already knew I should've got
a real manager.
I just figured I'd go with you
'cause. you know. Lou
was giving you that dick. so...
How the fuck you gonna talk
to your sister that way?
Figured if Lou was hittin' it.
it might help my career
in a way. but. you know.
I guess what you givin' up
ain't gettin' it done.
- Fuck you. Famous.
- Fuck you. too.
You ain't gonna get
a real manager anyway.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter on TV]
So. um. what classes
you taking in school
this year. Juke?
School hasn't started yet.
[chuckles]
I mean when it does start.
[chatter continues on TV]
Thanks for dinner. Aunt Raq.
It was great.
Of course. baby.
I'm glad you liked it.
[both snap fingers]
Seem like you and Juke
really connecting.
Kiss my ass. Kanan.
Look. uh...
I know I been fucking up.
all right?
I'ma do better.
Heard that shit before.
This label is more work
than I thought.
I mean. anybody can do it.
but to do that shit right
is some other shit.
You know
what I'm sayin'. right?
How much you made so far
on that label. Lou?
It's a new business.
Well. if it ain't making money.
it ain't a business.
It's a hobby. nigga.
You sleepin' on our business
for your hobby.
Recognize.
What the fuck are you
doing smoking cigarettes. Juke?
The world didn't stop spinning
when you left. kid.
[Kanan scoffs]
You ever gonna forgive Marvin?
[Jukebox]
Wasn't planning on it.
[distant siren wailing]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[Kanan]
Nobody at dinner said nothin'
about what went down
before I left.
What is there to say?
It is what it is. nigga.
[scoffs] Man. I don't know.
♪ ♪
[distant sirens wailing]
I was down there with Aunt Deb.
and I started thinking.
[Jukebox] Oh. Uh-oh.
Kanan thinkin'
ain't never a good idea.
Maybe I ain't cut out for this
family-business shit. Juke.
I mean. I only wanted to do it
to protect her.
make sure she a'ight.
♪ ♪
Doing what I did that night...
- ...and fucking it up.
- [Jukebox] Mm-mm.
They should've never asked you
to do that shit. Kanan.
That shit was wrong.
[Kanan scoffs]
♪ ♪
You talked
to your moms about it?
Feel like I'ma let her down
if I brought that to her.
especially after talking
all that shit
about how ready I was.
You need to tell her
Look at this
country-ass motherfucker.
Yo.
♪ ♪
[Kanan] Oh. shit.
[Jukebox] He went to
Virginia Beach. Famous... beach.
What the fuck part of "beach"
sound like cowboy boots
to you?
Virginia sound
country as hell to me.
[engine turning over] - Yo. I missed you kid.
It ain't been the same
without you around.
This nigga didn't have nobody
to borrow money from.
Yo. I been taking money
from my mom. like. every...
[Kanan] Yeah. that sound
like a real solid plan.
[Famous]
Wasn't no plan. really.
I was just doin' the shit.
few times here and there.
Like. every day on this...
[Marvin] Baisley killin' it.
All we got to do...
Drop off the dope.
pick up the money.
So now what we gonna do
is we got to take
what we doin' over at Baisley.
and do that shit
somewhere else.
- We about to franchise.
- Like McDonald's.
Always comes back to food
with this nigga.
[Raq] Marvin right.
We need to be inside
and up high.
Buildings. high-rises.
I'm thinkin' the 40s.
Yeah. that shit might fit
the bill just right.
We can get lookouts
on one of those tall buildings
over by 109.
and from there. we can see
the whole projects.
- [Lou-Lou] Mm.
- And even if they did find out
we was posted up in there.
I mean. there's only a few ways
for five-O to come in
and bum-rush us.
Now. we get the right units
and the right building.
we're protected.
even better than Baisley.
[teakettle whistling]
♪ ♪
And I didn't want to say
nothing around Scrap.
'cause I didn't want him
to feel like.
you know. he's getting
passed over or anything.
but thinkin'
about puttin' on Worrell
and the rest of Unique's crew.
Yo. you really thinkin'
of puttin' 'Nique's people on
right now?
I thought the whole point
was to run them niggas off.
Yeah. well. I'm thinkin'
we might need to do that
keep-your-enemies-close thing.
And. also. it's gonna keep 'em.
you know.
from bringing the cops
to the corners around Baisley.
Look. we gonna let Worrell
get down with the spot
we about to open
over at the 40s.
Yo. we tried
to kill that nigga.
He tried to kill me.
War is hell. niggas.
but we ain't at war no more.
I know who Worrell is.
I know what he did.
And I know what we did.
And I know Unique. too.
And I'm trying to make sure
that when 'Nique come home.
and I hear it's gonna be soon.
he ain't got shit
to come home to...
No people. no product.
no possibilities.
And having 'Nique's
right hand down with us.
I mean. that shit
could be useful.
Marvin got Baisley.
You got the 40s.
And assuming Worrell gets down.
he gonna have to answer
to you over there.
Marvin's doin' good work
at Baisley.
Give him the 40s. too.
♪ ♪
- So you turnin' down work now?
- [scoffs]
Why everything with you
got to be a struggle. Lou?
Why do I always
have to be angry?
I'm giving you a spot
to fuck with.
real money in your pocket.
and you still complainin'.
I ain't complainin'.
Is he complainin'. Marvin?
Bitchin' more like it.
[Raq]
You're runnin' the 40s. Lou.
and that's how it's gonna go.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
[R&B music playing]
[Shantel] Hey. hey. hey.
[laughs]
Y'all better not be taking
Scrappy's money.
'cause my boy promised me
a Fendi bag
for my birthday next week.
[laughs]
[Scrappy] Ma. way these cards
are playing...
[Shantel] Uh?
[Scrappy] ...I'll be getting
you the whole luggage set.
[person] Come on. man.
[person 2] You kidding me. man?
- [Shantel] Mm.
- [person 3] Come on.
[Scrappy] Give me my money.
Police! Let me see your hands!
Get them up!
[officer] Hands up!
[officer 2] Everyone put their
hands where we can see them.
[Grown Kanan] As much as Scrap
was about his business.
he just couldn't stay away
from them cards.
And that's weakness.
When something got a hold
on you like that.
don't matter what it is...
Cards or bitches or dope...
You gonna slip.
[Shantel] Detective Peng
know you here?
Where the fuck Peng at?
[officer] You know the drill.
[Shantel]
Get your hands off my boy.
Get them fucking hands
off of me!
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[telephones ringing.
indistinct chatter]
[officer]
Look who's back from the dead.
The prodigal son returns.
[detective] Please tell me
you got better shit to do
than visit us in the middle
of the fucking night.
[Howard] Hey. I was just
sittin' home. not doing shit.
thinkin'. "Where can I find
some like-minded. useless.
godless motherfuckers?"
- Look no further than the NYPD.
- [laughter]
[detective] Crime's down
since you been out. Howard.
I-in fact. we're starting
to wonder
if you were
the problem all along.
- [laughter]
- [Peng] Uh...
I got a C.I. bellyachin'
in Interrogation Two
that I got to go deal with.
[scoffs]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
It's good to see you
back up on your feet. Howard.
It's good to be back
on my feet. Peng.
Let me go. uh. holler
at Burke right quick.
[Peng] All right.
[officer]
Good. great to see you.
[indistinct chatter]
What? You're not happy
to see me or somethin'?
Oh. I was gonna say hi
after you and the boys finished
measuring each other's dicks.
Shit. I know what I got.
No need to measure my shit.
Yeah. you'd need one of those
centimeter rulers. anyway.
[chuckles]
I see somebody's been workin'
on their material.
What you got going?
That my shooting?
Homicide's overloaded.
I'm just pitching in
a little bit.
Do they know that?
Not yet. but they will.
[dramatic music plays]
Look. I'm your partner.
If I'm not looking out
for you. who is?
♪ ♪
I appreciate that.
I really do.
Look. Burke. I can't have you
fucking up anything.
All due respect. shit like this
has to be done methodically.
damn near scientifically.
So far. all that methodical
and scientific shit
has gotten Homicide nowhere.
Their one suspect
had a rock-solid alibi.
and they're not looking at
anybody else at all right now.
[scoffs] Hmm.
Well. just make sure you're
on the same page as One PP.
Understood. Detective.
I'm tired. I'm gonna go home.
Yeah. you look like shit.
You should get some rest.
You're getting good.
[chatter continues]
♪ ♪
[Marco]
Get your fucking hands off me!
You know who my father is?
Look at me.
You know who I am? Huh?
[prisoner]
You're the pretty-ass bitch
that's gonna suck
all our dicks.
Watch where you going. G.
Keep walkin'. coon.
Watch your fuckin' mouth. man.
What the fuck are you gonna do
about it. ape?
[prisoner] Don't let him
get away with that.
- Handle that boy. 'Nique.
- [prisoner 2] Yeah. 'Nique.
- [Unique] What's up?
- [indistinct shouting]
[prisoner] You should mind
your own business.
This ain't business. bitch.
This is pleasure.
[alarm blaring]
[guard]
Break it up. break it up.
[indistinct shouting]
- Yo. chill.
- They jumped him!
I saw the whole fuckin' thing.
These cocksuckers jumped him.
Yeah. that's what the fuck
I'm saying. man.
They started it. C.O.
- I just finished it.
- [alarm continues blaring]
[jazz music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Raq] Kanan and I just want to
thank you again
for driving him
down to Virginia like that.
Haven't seen you since. and...
we really just wanted to let
you know how grateful we are.
♪ ♪
How grateful I am.
I'd do anything
for you and Kanan. Raq.
You know that.
♪ ♪
Somebody gonna have to pay me
back for all the Cheetos
this boy ate
on the way down to Virginia.
You ate way more than I did.
I couldn't even get
my hand in the bag
'cause yours
was always in there.
Nah nah. nah.
by the time we got down the VA.
your hand was so damn orange
from eating Cheetos
that Aunt Deborah
thought he was in there
with some safety gloves on.
so people outside
could see him at night.
- You ain't right. Kanan.
- [Kanan laughs] Come on.
I'm all the way right. Symph.
We know this.
♪ ♪
[Lou-Lou] All right.
switch to channel six.
Listen. we already had
this conversation. Jess.
Famous needs to write.
Famous been writing. okay?
But he just needs to know
that you're gonna get
behind him and his career.
Get him in the studio.
put some shit on wax.
[Lou-Lou] I ain't throwin'
good money behind bad.
We already put loot
behind the single.
It didn't move.
Knowing when to cut your losses
is a big part
of running a business.
Whoa. whoa. losses?
Who's losin'?
It ain't me.
It damn sure ain't me.
The mixtape's
collecting dust. right?
We gonna have to start
all over again.
We need to see
that he's doin' the work.
Okay.
Y'all didn't put any real
marketing behind Famous. okay?
No street teams.
no push on radio.
I was the one
that got him on KCR.
I was on that booked
all those gigs downtown.
Okay. I will say
that more could have been
done marketing-wise.
- [Jessica] Thank you.
- Yeah.
To Lou's point. we just got
to be smart about our money.
We ain't got a whole lot left.
[Lou-Lou]
We got all the money we need.
Just need to make
the right bet.
Speaking of the right bet...
this my new girl right here.
I'd like to introduce y'all
to Zisa.
Found her at a red light.
Now we about to go on green.
She can sing.
Let's do this.
[dramatic hip-hop music plays]
Who the fuck is Zisa?
♪ ♪
You don't need to wait.
There's a long line
outside the bathroom.
He gonna be a minute.
Look. I don't know how Kanan
and you were involved
in what happened
that night around your way...
the night
I took him down south...
and I don't want to know.
But Kanan is a great kid. Raq.
and he's gonna do great things.
You just got to protect him...
make sure he gets
the opportunities he deserves.
You still think you know my son
better than me. huh. Symphony?
Ah. you never learn.
I know who my son is. and
I know what he's capable of.
I don't need nobody
to tell me that.
He's protected.
You can be damn sure of that.
Well. he said some shit to me
on the way down to Virginia.
Like I said. he didn't tell me
anything specific.
but he was scared. Raq...
very scared.
He'd hate me
for telling you that.
I thought you should know.
I care about him...
about you.
[dramatic music plays]
Man. the white dude
in front of me
blew that spot up
before I even got in there.
My eyes still stinging. God.
[scoffs]
What's up. we movin'?
It was good to see you guys.
I guess I'll see you around. brother.
Maybe so.
Take care of yourself. Raq.
You too. Symphony.
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
You still owe me
for those Cheetos. Kanan.
And I'm comin' for my money
if I see you around the way.
[Kanan] Yeah. you can see me.
but can you catch me?
[Symphony] Ahh... [chuckles]
[Kanan] Come on. Ma.
♪ ♪
[Renée] So. before we begin.
I like to focus
on getting present
and focusing on the breath
by breathing in...
[inhales deeply]
...holding it. and releasing.
[Marvin] Do I sign in
or some shit?
[Renée] Right there.
Um. excuse me.
- And you are?
- Marvin Thomas.
Oh. Hi. Marvin.
I'm Renée. the therapist
who runs this class.
Oh. well. nice
to meet you. Miss Renée.
Where you going. Marvin?
[scoffs]
Yo. I signed in.
I'm s... I'm straight.
You signed in.
and now you go sit
with the rest of the group
for our first class.
[chuckles] Probably just
a little misunderstanding.
Uh. my lawyer told me
as long as I sign in.
then I'm... I'm good.
Good. as in you can leave?
- Yes. ma'am.
- [chuckles]
Well. your lawyer
told you wrong. friend.
Either you sit down
in one of these chairs.
or I can let the court know
that you violated
the terms of your probation.
and they'll find another place
for you to sit.
And I can promise you
that the spot the judge
is gonna find for you to sit
won't be as comfortable
as one of these chairs here.
[both laughing]
Yo. you for real?
Realer than real. brother.
I got to call my lawyer. then.
You do that.
but. first. sit your ass down.
So. like I said.
everyone breathing in together
collectively as a group.
holding it.
and exhaling any negativity.
[exhales deeply]
Really coming together and
being focused in this moment.
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
[Zisa] ♪ Ahh. ahh. ahh ♪
♪ Ahh. ahh. ahh ♪
♪ You might never had a love
Like this ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Who know
How to put it down like this ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You won't find
Another love nowhere ♪
♪ Promise you
That can't no one ♪
♪ Compare ♪
♪ You know I'm the only one
You're thinking of ♪
♪ You know I'm the one
That's got that sass ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Anything you ask
I'll give you more ♪
♪ I'll give you more. babe ♪
♪ What you waiting for. babe? ♪
♪ You and I ♪
♪ You and I could be
More than friends ♪
♪ You and I ♪
♪ Together till the very end ♪
♪ 'Cause you know what it is ♪
♪ Boy. I handle my biz ♪
♪ You and I ♪
[Jukebox] Yo.
♪ ♪
She ain't no joke. right. Juke?
[Zisa] ♪ You and I ♪
♪ ♪
[people moaning]
[sultry R&B music plays]
♪ ♪
[both breathing heavily]
[Jessica] Shit.
♪ ♪
What you think Lou would do
if he knew about us?
- Kill you.
- [coughing]
He can't run the studio
without me.
He knows it.
He's finding artists.
workin' behind the board.
Lou's a quick learner.
It ain't
about what you know. girl.
It's about who you know.
and he ain't got my Rolodex.
What'd your friend
from L.A. say?
He got a job for you.
Junior-level manager...
Be managing the younger talent.
- Mm.
- That shit's waiting on you.
but not for too much longer.
So. if you want it...
better get your fine ass
out to Cali.
I should just do it.
It's not like I got shit
keeping me here.
♪ ♪
[sighs deeply]
You got this.
[singer]
♪ And have a change of mind ♪
♪ Takin' the bumps
And the bruises ♪
♪ And all the things
Of a two-time loser ♪
♪ Tryin' to hold on
Faith is gone ♪
♪ It's just another sad... ♪
[knock at door]
[Kanan chuckles]
Oh. it's the
bedtime glass of milk.
I've been doing it
since you got out your crib.
[Kanan] Thank you.
[Raq] How you doin'?
Feel like
I lost track of you.
Like. I used to always know
what you was thinking.
but now that you older.
not so much anymore.
Why you got to grow up. hmm?
Why can't you just
stay my baby?
You know. sometimes
I don't even know
what I'm thinking myself.
Talk to me. Kanan.
You can say anything
to me. always.
I don't want to disappoint you.
Well. I mean. if you honest.
you'll never disappoint me.
Tell me what you thinkin'.
Let me in.
I thought
I was cut out for it...
...for what you and
Uncle Marvin and Uncle Lou do.
I mean. I'm your son.
I'm Def Con's son.
Y'all both did it.
so I thought I would. too.
But maybe not.
Maybe I was supposed
to do something else...
...to be someone else.
Doing what I did that night...
...looking that cop
in the face...
...messed with my head.
like. nightmares and shit.
And. yeah. I know I was all
over you about putting me on
and getting me started
in the business. but...
...shit. I'm starting to think
I was wrong.
I don't think I'm up
for any of this.
I can't protect you the way
that I thought I could. Ma.
[dramatic music plays]
You're not supposed to protect
your mother. Kanan.
I'm supposed to protect you.
♪ ♪
And I didn't.
[Kanan sighs]
I put you in harm's way.
And that's on me.
♪ ♪
That's always gonna be on me.
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
Everything I'm doing...
I mean.
I'm doing for you. Kanan...
for us.
And if you're not happy.
if you don't feel safe.
then I'm... I'm doing
all this for nothing.
[distant telephone ringing]
♪ ♪
I love you.
[ringing continues]
I love you. too.
Mom. you should probably
go get that phone.
♪ ♪
[ringing continues]
[exhales sharply]
♪ ♪
[door buzzes. opens]
[Grown Kanan] Niggas say you
only do two days in the pen...
The day you go in
and the day you come out.
Ask me. that's just some shit
somebody who never been
to the joint said.
As far as I'm concerned.
you do every fucking day
in there.
You do the days.
but you can't let
the days do you.
When you come out. you got
to be the same nigga you was
when you went in...
only harder...
♪ ♪
...colder...
...'cause while your life
got stopped for your bid.
everybody outside
kept moving...
and they ain't checking
for you.
♪ ♪
They ain't give a fuck
about you.
So you got to show 'em
you still here.
you still matter.
You need to remind them.
♪ ♪
Make 'em remember you
so they never forget again.